Add base OSS requirements (#88)
langleyfoxall/technologies: general/open-source.md

We believe relying upon open standards and software has been fundamental to the success of the software industry as a whole. To aid in this, Langley Foxall is committed to giving back to the community. We try to contribute useful open source software, libraries, and other tools wherever possible. These packages are often used internally or as a part of our bespoke software solutions.

In fact, the page you are reading right now is part of just one of these open source projects.

## Our Open Source Projects

We love contributions and want our packages to help people, so if you have suggestions for improvements, please file
an issue on the relevant repository.

## Creating Open Source Projects

> When creating open source software, we're aware that these projects can be used in systems that other developers build & rely on, because of this, we have rigid requirements for our oss which prevent breaking changes from being introduced into stable versions of the public projects we release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating open source software, we're aware that these projects can be used in systems that other developers build & rely on, because of this, we have rigid requirements for our OSS which help mitigate breaking changes from being introduced into stable versions of the public projects we release.
```

The suggestion above corrects a case typo, and also changes the working from 'prevent breaking changes' to 'help mitigate breaking changes', as this is not a guarantee anyone can 100% provide.

> When creating open source software, we're aware that these projects can be used in systems that other developers build & rely on, because of this, as of 26/01/2018 we have rigid requirements for our oss which prevent breaking changes from being introduced into stable versions of the public projects we release.

Reviewer 2: Why is a date needed? Also 26/01/2018 is the wrong date?

Author: Must have missed that! It's supposed to read 26/11/2018.

It's because existing open source projects that are v1.0.0 don't have nearly any of these, so either we go through each one and write tests etc, bring them up to scratch or it's from the date specified etc.

When a project reaches `v1.0.0` we have the following safe guards in place:

> - When a project reaches `v1.0.0`, we stricly follow semantic versioning to ensure updates don't break existing implementations or expected functionality.

Reviewer 2: Whoops, missed this one. 

> When a project reaches `v1.0.0`

Why is this repeated?

Author: Because before a project reaches v1.0.0, we don't follow semantic versioning as the project has not been released and we simply work with master / feature branches, you only apply semantic versioning to release.

This could be reworked to make it a bit clearer.

Reviewer: Due to the following section of the SemVer documentation, we can state we always use sematic versioning rather than just at >= v1.0.0.

> Major version zero (0.y.z) is for initial development. Anything may change at any time. The public API should not be considered stable.

Author: 🎉

> - A comprehensive test suite designed to ensure new code introduced doesn't break existing functionality and in turn, other developer's code.

Author: For a stable release, it means that you're happy for other developers to use the project & that it can function as a standalone package, the only way to be absolutely sure the code you push up doesn't break existing use cases or functionality in another developer's system is by tests.

When using the package in our own projects, it's a different ball game because chances are we have browser tests asserting the expected functionality works.

Just like how we don't push production code without having tests written, we shouldn't be saying 'this code is ready to be used in production systems' if you don't have any tests validating that behaviour.

If you'd like to use it in internal projects without writing tests, don't release v1.0.0.

> - Travis CI ensures all code changes don't break existing functionality by automatically running the test suite on changes & enforces our internal styleguides to keep the project consistent and maintainable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Travis CI ensures code changes don't break existing functionality by automatically running the test suite when code is changed, and StyleCI enforces our internal style guides to keep the project consistent and maintainable.
```

Minor re-wording / typos.

Author: On an unrelated point, I love the new Github suggestions feature

- The project is documented, so it's easy to use.

> 

Author: Again, as mentioned in the issue. We can sit and discuss all day and nothing will ever get done about it, it's easier to add what was mostly agreed by those who commented and work on issues through this PR.

4 days is ample time to give an opinion and if not, you can make opinions heard on the PR.
